beautiful and everyone knows that at
this new video and olot new there
and in the company of ata
I see my little girl shlaya watch over
nicolas hi nico you're fine yes
how much are you there your room and or
other people who is the pilot eia
and jacques alicote hi me I 'll get them
days pasting them crewe Fashion
bgl the bank of the Gaule à ostende a and
b today our petition is what
what is actually robbing the base
military we're going to say that we're going to point the
military base at level 12
in general I think the glebe of gold
snatched 3 that's all yeah so that's not it
parachute so yes but you did
it will distort the championship
callaway fly everything cool but no you
did not you parachute wedge goes up but
how we will parachute out yes
best series - what is google a pure
we jump before entering the base
banamba super bounce you can not
relaunch rockets grad
one day but I'm going to nothing you and that's
dead or what istanbul the jo in 4
star live 8 who had disappointed hello
will recover the pledge pilots from
but I can have found your next
there was nobody and there was not even
of plane sitting there
the month we start with is also
crucial that me your self I was rivasi
case if we need you td had the
feet clicquot the helicopter and ollioules
illico comes at the same time i stole a
private plane
mary kay it is chasing
thibault of jeffrey regret they
come take off on the icons and
economic where I wait but I arrive
was she going I went back into the
part
you go nothing there are orders go up
to private zipper I have a private jet
we hide them a team was going to amputate
the ten layers because you tell him
evoked command
naruto is there but when I'm there
accompanied nothing happened here bava
also dox way video honor detox their
videos that you say it survives him but you
shut your mouth waiting for the guy he
will come private shutter is not come we
to look in fact yeah that's it
that a plane with the royal name gray at the front
no huawei sassi make the threshold solo
I managed to need a time
to deceive his colleagues at the foot on
yes it is limited on no I am
I'm sorry pitt had of course tac to screw
to pick us
oh guys kopatschek go ahead you yes
it's going back well but it's in
buttocks them I lost $ 4000 to
I want 53000 I'm dead 42 49
3 that is the crisis even in the
just and the crisis and fucking the white era
of managers it will be 100%
did you see you soon at 40 a nothing that me
short after volvo the address was
condemnation but wait for me beach
but no I'm not dangerous we know that here
from the sea in the plane it will stop
I also like the guys said he may
day by day the crash and ripped off
there was four suffers but if I
survive to take a plane pressing
during his mother the sword guards access
I could not live my life she is very
weak and is against you back
guard had to die
and half c is a real little I was a
fucking foot i'm me it's me but
here I am dead he dries dollars then
thai 17 dollars me i was 17 $ are
not as good August
I flew all the way I am
fell I was finished l oni that we can
cut or koala to the challenges how's it
guys like that that's all too simple
simple what good because of kisses and
it was stack guiding case it was his team
van go life is on stand by